time to do this I've been asked to make
a youtube video our second episode that
we made for snapchat is currently up on
brother we love it if you checked it out
in order to do so if they go to your
snapchats and the first thing we'll say
brother in the Discovery Channel if you
click this you should watch everything
it's like vehicle this is us
yes there you swipe up and you can watch
the whole thing it's about two minutes
and a half a night so for the next two
weeks we're gonna be releasing videos
each Friday a different episode each
Friday and then after that made August
we're gonna serve releasing about three
to four videos a week these are videos
that we've been working on for the last
seven months so we really hope you like
them and there we go welcome back words
there is why are you walking backwards
because it's the movement it's probably
good for YouTube all right let's stop
maybe not next to this you know doing
the carpet maybe hit let's sure know
right this is our new van we bought this
a few days ago Cranky's it is not the
sexiest of the vehicles you should go in
and do the rest of your update inside so
the truth is we're still so small like
we have about eleven thousand
subscribers like we're tiny but we've
been so fortunate to have been found
very early and now we're here and a lot
of our friends are saying wow like you
guys pretty much are exactly where you
said you wanted to be you're living in
this house and you're making these
videos for a living and it's true it's
awesome likely we're best friends and we
get to work together and that's the best
part put it simply we want yes theory to
be not only these videos that you guys
watching snapchat and on YouTube but we
also want to want it to be a movement
that you guys that you are a part of we
get messages from people asking us like
how they can do something similar and
how they can be involved in any way and
actually I remember when and this is
gonna sound really weird but when Thomas
and I were sleeping in the same bed in
Montreal when we had just two beds so we
hit the show we set up one night for
like four hours and it was mostly Thomas
talking of course pretty much what he
was saying is why are we doing this in
the first place and keep in mind this
was about a month and a half after we
started and I think the wise since the
beginning was and what we agreed to that
night was to have some sort of global
impact in some way some sort of global
positive impact where it wouldn't in the
end be just us for it yes theory was
never gonna be just us for
the plan since the beginning was to have
more and more people joined the idea is
to I guess the idea is to create this
sort of network of Millennials who
actually give a
stress a yeah and we've met so many
since we started and nearly every day
we're meeting more and more of them and
it's just motivating us so much more to
keep making these videos but also look
into the future and see how much impact
we can have so if you're inspired to do
something by watching these videos our
videos please like hit us up in the
comments message us let us know what
you're up to
we'd love to help or be involved in some
way or even just answer some questions
or we'll have questions for you too so
you're part of this movement just just
as much as we are and I know it's
classic to say but it's so true like if
this were just us four it would fail
like the fact that you're watching and
engaging with us shows that this can be
much bigger than just us for ya and
we're so stoked to have you guys along
for the journey so that's all i'm like
talking with my hand side so now i'm
gonna go have dinner with the guys
tomorrow's filming right now in the
corner of this good hello we have a hard
time speaking into the camera
it was never it's because our videos are
videos on youtube since the beginning
has always been just us interacting with
each other while just treating the
camera as the fifth person so it's very
hard to just have the one-on-ones that's
why we're in awkward but we're gonna get
better we promise it's gonna be good